hello 
hi there.
what is your name ? 
My name is Bot , I am created by Shew , Anik ,manoj,tushar and souvik.
how are you ? 
I am doing great these days ,thankyou.
In which city you live ? 
I live in Hooghly.
In which language you talk ?
I mostly talk in English.
How many Course are available in TPI/Technique Polytechnic Institute? 
In the course there are two options diploma engineering and VIII+Vocational course. 
Is TPI college is accrediated by NBA
Yes.
how to go TPI college from Burdhaman station?
From Burdhaman station, by a train we go Hooghly, then go to tpi college.
how to go TPI college from Naihati station?
From naihati go to bandel,then go to hooghly, then go to tpi college.
how to go to TPI college from Howrah station?
From howrah station go to hooghly station,then go to tpi college.
Where is TPI College is situated?
The Institute is situated at Panchrokhi, Sugandha, Hooghly.
Tell me something about tpi college
TPI currently offers 3-years Diploma courses in various fields of engineering and technology.
Vision of tpi college
To be a premier Institute in pursuit of excellence in technical education and skill development committed to serve the society.
What is the core values of tpi college
Consistency,Commitment,Transparency,Teamwork.
Is TPI College approved by AICTE
Yes.
Is TPI College affialiated to WBSCTE
Yes.
Is all courses is accrediated by NBA
No, Five courses accrediated by NBA.
How many streams are there in TPI college?
Six.
Which Streams are there in Tpi college?
DCE,DME,DCST,DEE,DETCE,DSE.
Name of the principle
Avijit karmakar.
Name of the coordinator
Mr Partha Sarathi Bhattacharya.
Who is the office superintendent
Mr. J Sarkar.
What is class timing in TPI college
10 AM to 4 40 PM.
How many classroom are there?
20 
How many Tutorials rooms are there?
5
How many laboratory rooms are there?
25 
How many drawing rooms are there?
2
How many Reprographics units?
Seven 
How many conference hall are there?
1
How many Common rooms are there?
For Boys-One, For Girls-One.
Seminar room no
One
Total Build up area
Eleven Housand Eleven square meter.
How many central workshps are there?
Electrical,Electronics,Fitting,Wielding workshop.
How many workshopd are there in science and humanities department?
Physics,Chemistry,Language Laboratory.
How many workshps are there in civil departmnet?
Geotechnical lab, Applied mechanics lab,Hydraulics lab.
How many workshops are there in mechanical department?
Applied mechanics lab,Heat power lab,fluid mechanics lab.
How many workshops are there in electrical department?
Electrical machine lab,electrical measurement and control lab.
How many workshops are there in electronics and telecommunication dep?
Consumer Electronics lab,Electronics measurement lab,Communication Engineering lab I&II.
How many workshops are there in cst department.
Three computer labs.
How many workshops are there in survey department
Survey Store, One computer lab.
Use of ICT lab
Students can access various Lectures of NPTEL for clearing their concepts by ICT lab.
Objective of ICT lab
To provide user friendly access to e-course materials.
Use of Language lab
Language lab availed by 1st year students to enhance their listening writing and reading skills.
Objective Of language lab.
To have a good command of the language for communication purposes with clarity and accuracy.
How many civil engineering books in the library.
2847
How many Computer Science & Technology books in the library.
2449
How many survey engineering books in the library.
999
How many Electronics & Telecommunication engineering books in the library
2017
How many Science & Humanities books in the library
4115
Total number of text books in the library
thirteen thousand seven hundred twenty four.
Total number reference books in the library
two thousand seventy four.
Total number of Title in the library
one Housand Seven Hondred eighty six.
Total number of journals
Twenty-one
Is Free WiFi available in tpi college
Yes.
Is there are gym facility in the college
yes there is indoor gym facility in college.
Is there are any medical facility in the college
yes there is a medical unit inside the college.
Any outdoor gaming facility in the college
yes there are many games like football,cricket,volleyball.
Indoor gaming options
yes, indoor games like carrom and chess are there.
Any Hostel facility in the college
Yes,There are two boys hostel and one girl hostel.
Is there any play ground in the college
Yes.
Is there any remedial classes facility?
Yes,after the normal classes.
Which students can get admission?
Students will be allotted by WBSCTE are allowed for counseling on the basis of Rank obtained in JEXPO.
What are subjects examined for admission?
Math,Physics,Chemistry.
Eligibility criteria for students for get admission
Passed 10th standard from any recognized Board
1st semester fees for students through jexpo counselling
29,266 or 24266.
From second semester fees for students through jexpo counselling*
16,000.
1st semester fees for students through management quota
35,266 or 30,266.
From second semester fees for students through managemnt quota
22,000.
1st semester fees for students through tfw quota
20,266 or 15,266.
From second semester fees for students through tfw quota
7000.
3rd semester fees for students through voclet counselling
29,020 or 24,266.
From fourth semester fees for students through voclet counselling
16,000.
Total seats in electrical engineering in 1st year
60.
Total seats in electrical engineering through voclet in 2nd year
6
Total seats in electronics and telecommunication engineering in 1st year
60
Total seats in electronics and telecommunication engineering through voclet in 2nd year
6
Total seats in mechanical engineering in 1st year
60
Total seats in mechanical engineering through voclet in 2nd year
6
Total seats for computer science and technology in 1st year
60
Total seats in computer science and technology through voclet in 2nd year
6
Total seats in civil engineering in 1st year
90
Total seats in civil engineering through voclet in 2nd year
9
Total seats in survey engineering in 1st year
30
Total seats in survey engineering through voclet in 2nd year
3
programme outcomes for civil engineering course
Problem analysis,Project Management,Engineering Tools, Experimentation and Testing.
Vision of civil departement.
To become excellent in the field of Civil Engineering in developing highly competent technically skilled manpower.
mechanical department vision
In Mechanical Engineering to impart technical & professional skills to cater industrial requirements.
Electrical department vision
To become a nationally recognized centre of excellence in Electrical Engineering.
survey department vision
To sculpt competent and trained students of tomorrow with the advanced skills and knowledge in the field of Survey Engineering.
electronics and telecommunication departemnt vision
In Electronics and Telecommunication engineering for development of technical man power capable of facing new challenges.
vision of computer science science department
To be a dynamic and efficient  department of Computer Science & Technology providing quality education and progressive atmosphere.
science and humanities department vision 
Our vision is to be an excellent learning centre of fundamentals of engineering principles.
The goal of training and placement department
It is to provide relevant training and thus prepare the students to face Campus Recruitment opportunities successfully.
Advantages for companies in campus recruitment
Talent pool,proper slection process,manpower planning,overseas placements.
Advantages for colleges in campus recruitment
Reputation and better Admission,Industry-Institute interaction.
Disadvantage for college in recruitment
Experience candidates are not available.
Director of training and placement
JS Dhar.
Why recruit at tpi?
Disciplines,Projects,Infrastructure,Preliminary Screening.
which college get first nba accrediation?
TPI college get first nba accrediation in electrical department.
Functions of T&P cell
CDTP,Industrail training, Free jelet tutorials, back office operations.
Academic bridge programme for voclet students
Its an education programme specifically designedfor a student to gain some knowledge in 1st and 2nd semesters.
Which subject are in the abp?
Math,Emech,SOM,Computer Application.
When the abp programme conduct?
The programme will commence after the admission and the class hours will be from 4-15 p.m. to 6-00 p.m. daily during Monday to Friday.
Time span of abp classes
the duration of abp will be one month.
Fees of abp programme.
No extra fees will be paid during this programme.
Major companies conducted campus drive in 2021.
LTI,capgemini,Wipro,Bajaj,Anand, Yazaki.
Major companies conducted campus drive in Twenty-twenty.
L&T,LTI,Motovolt,Anmol,JBM,Bajaj,KEC.
Major companies came in Twenty-Nineteen
aforeserve,L&T,LTI, Rashmi LED, JBM GROUP,CENTUM.
Major companies came in Twenty-Eighteen
L&T,GALACON,RashmiLED,JBM GROUP,UDS,POLYHOSE.
Major companies came in Twenty-Seventeen.
Tata projects,L&T,essel, Tenneco,SIGMA,CENTUM.
Major companies conducted campus drive in Twenty-Sixteen
L&T,KEC,tega,CEAT,CENTUM,Grind Master.
Major companies came in Twenty-fifteen
L&T,ACC,IBM,KEC, Tech mahindra, Sanmar.
No of student selected in campus drive for civil in 2020.
36
Total no of jobs offered to students for civil in 2020.
42
Highest salary package for civil in 2020.
2.11 lakh
Average salary package for civil 
1.24 lakh
No of student selected in campus drive for mechanical in 2020.
58
Total no of jobs offered to students for mechanical in 2020.
87
Highest salary package for mechanical in 2020
2.11 lakh
Average salary package for mechanical in 2020
1.54 lakh.
No of student selected in campus drive for electrical in 2020.
46
Total no of jobs offered to students for elctrical in 2020.
59
Highest salary package for electrical in 2020
2.11 lakh
Average salary package for electrical 
1.49 lakh.
No of student selected in campus drive for survey in 2020.
15
Total no of jobs offered to students for survey in 2020.
15
Highest salary package for survey in 2020
1.42 lakh
Average salary package for survey 
1.10 lakh.
No of student selected in campus drive for electronics in 2020.
36
Total no of jobs offered to students for electronics in 2020.
49
Highest salary package for electronics 
2 lakh
Average salary package for electronics 
1.49 lakh
No of student selected in campus drive for computer science in 2020.
7
Total no of jobs offered to students for computer science in 2020.
7
Highest salary package for computer science in 2020
2 lakh
Average salary package for computer science 
1.35 lakh.
No of student selected in campus drive for civil in twenty-nineteen.
66
Total no of jobs offered to students for civil in twenty-ninteen.
77
Highest salary package for civil in twenty-nineteen.
2.40 lakh
Average salary package for civil in twenty-nineteen
1.20 lakh
No of student selected in campus drive for mechanical in twenty-nineteen.
58
Total no of jobs offered to students for mechanical in twenty-nineteen
72
Highest salary package for mechanical in twenty-ninteen
1.90 lakh
Average salary package for mechanical in twenty-ninteen
1.45 lakh.
No of student selected in campus drive for electrical in 2019.
31
Total no of jobs offered to students for elctrical in 2019.
44
Highest salary package for electrical in 2019
1.90 lakh
Average salary package for electrical in 2019
1.40 lakh.
No of student selected in campus drive for survey in 2019.
32
Total no of jobs offered to students for survey in 2019.
49
Highest salary package for survey in 2019
2.40 lakh
Average salary package for survey in 2019
1.20 lakh.
No of student selected in campus drive for electronics in 2019.
24
Total no of jobs offered to students for electronics in 2019.
33
Highest salary package for electronics in 2019
1.80 lakh
Average salary package for electronics in 2019
1.20 lakh.
No of student selected in campus drive for computer science in 2019
12
Total no of jobs offered to students for computer science in 2019
13
Highest salary package for computer science in 2019
2.20 lakh
Average salary package for computer science in 2019
1.20 lakh.
Is there any jelet preparation in this college.
TPI organizes free jelet classes throughout the six semester for students who has ambition for higher studies
Student of year 2019
Sandipan Mukherjee,DCE.
Student of yaer 2018
Sourav khanra,DCE.
Student of year Twenty-seventeen
Priyanka Dutta,DCE.
Student of year twenty-sixteen
DebAditya Kundu,DME.
Student of Year twenty-fifteen
Debarthi Saha,DCST.
Highest percanatge of marks for mechanical in 2019
84.2
Highest percanatge of marks for civil in 2019
90.3
Highest percanatge of marks for electrical in 2019
88.5
Highest percanatge of marks for survey in 2019
88.8
Highest percanatge of marks for computer scinece in 2019
83.8
Highest percanatge of marks for etc in 2019
88.1
2020 jelet rank holders name from tpi college
Somenath bhattarcharya,Rima Bar, Akash Singha Roy,Nilanka Shekhar Roy.
No of Mechanical engineering books 
1497
 No of Electrical  engineering books 
1444
twenty-nineteen jelet rank holders name from tpi college
Ritosam pal, Bhagyasree banerjee,Sourav Ghosh, Sanju Mondal.
Twenty-eighteen jelet rank holders name from tpi college
Manik Saha,Chinmoy Hazra,Shayan Kumar,Keya karmakar.
Twenty-seventeen jelet rank holders name from tpi college
Kushal Goai,Subhajit Sinha,Susmita patra.
How to start career with tpi
Interested candidates duly qualified and eligible as prescribed in AICTE norms may E-Mail their Bio-Data.
Aims of the college
Build and sustain a strong belongingness to Institute & students.
Is elibrary system is there in the college.
Yes, in our website there is an e-library.
Is fest happen in this college.
Yes, every  year fest happens.






